GpgMEpp - C++ bindings/wrapper for gpgme
----------------------------------------
Based on KF5gpgmepp

GPGMEpp is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

GPGME++ is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Library General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public License
along with GPGME++; see the file COPYING.LIB.  If not, write to the
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.

Overview
--------

GpgMEpp is a C++ wrapper (or C++ bindings) for the GnuPG project's
gpgme (GnuPG Made Easy) library, version 0.4.4 and later.

It is fairly complete, with some minor things still missing (in
particular, the key edit interface).

The design principles of this library are as follows:

1. A value-based interface (most clases are implicitly shared)
2. Callbacks are replaced by C++ interfaces (classes with only
   abstract methods).
3. No exceptions are thrown
4. There is (as yet) no explicit support for multi-threaded use
   (other than what gpgme itself provides; most notably the
   refcounting for implicit sharing is not thread-safe)
5. To avoid binary incompatible interface changes, we make
   extensive use of the d-pointer pattern and avoid virtual
   methods; any polymorphism present is already provided by gpgme
   itself, anyway (see e.g. Data). A notable exception of the
   no-virtuals rule is the use of abstract classes to cover
   C-callbacks.

GpgME was originally developed as part of the KDEPIM community
in KDE 4 it was part of kdepimlibs/gpgme++ for KF5 Gpgme++ was
renamed to KF5GpgMEpp and moved into it's own repository.

License
-------

This library is licensed under the GNU Library General Public
License (LGPL), just as gpgme is. We feel that using a different
license than the one gpgme itself uses doesn't make sense.
